we are displacing Ukraine yes yes well look you attacked Ukraine and part of its territories declared yours we did not attack Ukraine We stood up for the Donbass stood up for the Donbass Where in the Kherson region Hello Hello Good afternoon I am from Ukraine the city of Khmelnitsky wax city of Russia we are Sevastopol yes yes to you at least 18 each We are 20 20 yes, how can you prove that you are from Sevastopol and not there from Moscow or Bryansk you want a window we will show you show the window over there the wall was shown there for Dada then what is Sevastopol Well how can you tell the difference between Sevastopol A good Very simple How you get across the bay on a trolleybus on a cable car IDM not Sevastopol Where are you from? We are from the Bryansk region And what city is Klimov Ache you say Sevastopol’s reaction is checked Well, what should be the reaction Well, usually after that they ask, that is, from Ukraine we say No from Russia That is, you you are deceiving them that we are deceiving that Crimea is Russia Well, yes, well, okay, let’s not touch on politics. Well, no, so you came here for politics and we will touch on it. Well, okay, let’s look at you like people from the Bryansk region. If you are, after all, another one from Bryansk once the village of Klimo How do you feel about the war in Ukraine To the special operation Well, you are forbidden to call it in Yes, we Well, knowing the whole history of Ukraine from forty, so let’s say the third year of the creation of the UPA, yeah, from the oppression of the Russian-speaking population, that is, the Russian nation, so to speak, the ban on celebrating Victory Day tearing off St. George's ribbons from Veterans with I'll even explain to you as much as possible you come on come on Support me or not I'm listening That's what I want to say, so let's say in Ukraine the Zakhs seized power, so quickly speak up, will you support it or not I yes Support Support Yes, that's it look, you have announced a partial mobilization, so they are the ones who are going to war with these not some unmotivated ones. Why did they go to the military registration and enlistment office? I have to leave in a week, I have a summons, as long as there is a summons Yes, this is probably some kind of summons to court no no I I don’t even see the word summons, here is the military commissariat fluorography Yes, well, these are the tests that need to be taken, I understand, I understand And that you are going to fight. Listen, if he sends me, I don’t mind cool, I immediately recommend watching this, there is such a channel Zolkin Uh-huh, take it, subscribe directly, look at all such mobiles those called later give interviews with him, yes When you are taken prisoner, it is very interesting and informative there from the stories of those guys who have already passed Such a path as you, let it be clear what awaits you in the Russian army, what awaits you and how the Russian army will abandon you How will you get into captivity if you survive, I just recommend it So maybe you’ll look at it completely differently Okay, now let’s go back, it turns out that the UPA was created in ’43 and oppress the Russian-speaking population. As I understand it, yes, well, they were collaborators against the Soviet regime, that is, they, uh, oppress Russian-speaking violence, no oppress already the followers of the UPA after, as it were, Pony’s victory over us. So, as I understand it, uh UPA, so in your opinion, she was collaborators in the year forty-three, so correctly, as far as I know, that in the forty-third she fought both against Hitler’s Germany and against The Soviet Union Well, this is such a position. But by the way, the Soviet Soviet Union Look, you know that the Soviet Union was an ally of Hitler’s Germany until the forties of the first year then yes yes, that is, it turns out that the Soviet Union collaborated with Germany The Soviet Union cooperated, you know a non-aggression act was signed there was a pact between Molotov and Bent prop on the division of spheres of influence and for example the Soviet Union signed together after this pact Yes, Germany and the Soviet Union attacked Poland, did they untie Poland from each other yes Absolutely true, that is, it turns out that the Soviet Union was an accomplice of Hitler since 1939 Well why did the war break out because the non-attack act was violated Wait, you’re already the first one Let’s take thirty-nine The Second World War began in thirty-nine, really, yeah Well, that is, if only there was a state of Poland, yes, Germany attacked it from the West, the Soviet Union attacked from the east, taking one part of Poland for itself, Germany took the other, the Soviet Union, together with Germany, troops held a joint parade in Brest, so it turns out that the Soviet Union When the whole world was so against Nazism, the Soviet Union, together with Nazism, occupied other states, so Well, let’s say yes we won’t allow it to be that way Well, look, then we’ll talk like this if the war is over, wait, the war has begun That’s who started the war, it turns out that the Second World War was started by Poland and the Soviets oh Germany and the Soviet Union so Germany no Germany started Well Germany look Poland That’s who we divided Germany just sorted it out with you and you mean the Second World War or Great Fatherland Second Second World War Well, let’s say the Great Patriotic War is just part of the Second World War, yes, that is, look, it turns out that in 1939 the Soviet Union was an ally of the Nazis Germany Uh-huh So come on, yes yes yes, the Soviet Union, as part of this cooperation with Nazi Germany, occupied the Baltic countries, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia, attacked Finland in 1939, so it turns out that the Soviet Union was an ally of Nazi Germany, let’s put an end to this yes yes yes yes this is not if the Soviet Union well you wait you keep in mind that the Soviet Union includes Ukraine, which means Ukraine also took part Yes part yes that part that was Yes as part of the Soviet Union yes it turns out well well the state was the Soviet Union yes yes that is, it turns out that the Soviet Union drove people from Ukraine there from Russia from other republics yes To the seizure of Poland so Yeah yes it turns out that the Soviet leadership fully cooperated with Nazi Germany And you say something about the UPA I can’t understand no wait I told you about followers of the UPA Nene Wait, you said the UPA was created in 1943, it turns out look if the UPA fought both against Hitler’s Germany and the Soviet Union Yeah for an independent Ukraine, so the Soviet Union collaborated with Hitler’s Germany officially collaborated Yeah That is, you have no complaints against the Soviet Union but there are some complaints about the UPA True truth And why then what kind of thing do you have the Soviet Union now there is no now there is no Soviet Union you but the UPA is and the UPA is still there so again let’s do that means it’s not the UPA So wait, let’s already then by Wait UPA there are no followers for a long time there are no followers so there are also followers of the Council of Soza, but we are oppressed and part of its territories declared our own, we did not attack Ukraine We stood up for the Donbass stood up for the Donbass Where in the Kherson region in the Kherson region in the LPR that is, well, in Kherson, in the Kherson region, you stood up for the Donbass. Yes, how did you? That is, you stood up for the Donbass but took the Kherson region for yourself. Yes, you declared yours. Well, even. That is, it turns out absolutely the same way as the Soviet Union occupied part of Poland in 1939. That is, you are occupiers. invaders Well, that's how it is and you don't No we don't no no you're Euromaidan Yes you're not you're not absolutely And what is ero than with what You justified with what you can justify Euromaidan I mean I mean justify I think it was a cool page in history of Ukraine to justify something bad hay Azovstal Azovstal needs heroes Zro so absolutely Well against the Russian occupiers how long did the heroes of Zro hold out Yes seriously Look at you I think that I would really like for you to be on this agenda so when they send you survived, I really want you to survive I want you to get to Zolkin Yes, when you are a prisoner, I really will take this moment, yes, when you are there, I want to see how you will tell the story, sitting there and telling us there, we didn’t understand our mobile phones It’s so forced and I won’t tell you why Well, I really can wait I know how to wait Believe me, if I’m destined to die at the front I’m not afraid no That’s exactly what I want you not to die at the front I want you to be captured and really here is the journalist Zolkin Yes, you told your story and I would like to see you know how you told it before and after it’s just, let’s say really, I now have such a dream. Honestly, I want you not to die at the front, but to be captured for real. Usually I want the Russian occupiers to leave in a black bag like go home or have their dogs there. Well, specifically you. I want you to survive and be captured, so try not to die, but to surrender because your army is still not loyal to you. They are absolutely loyal to captivity Absolutely loyal Yes, look, they are telling you these fairy tales so that yours will be afraid. But they are not telling you fairy tales, wait for the story you asked, I am answering you the story is a fairy tale so that your Soldiers will be afraid to surrender, so he will tell you what they are being cut off there in short, they stick nails there, well, for some reason they exchange prisoners, look how many prisoner exchanges have already happened like this. At least your official ones are not these ones that are spreading special fakes there in anonymous Telegram channels. But some of your official authorities can tell me where they said what is there your prisoners there in Tuvala, how they were tortured, for example, there is some official statement, not in anonymous Telegram channels, but from official sources, there is none, from official sources, there is from the residents of Donbass, don’t look, there is one again, you mean, on the contrary, about the official source, Ministry of Defense Look, the Ministry of Defense exchanged prisoners there, they can show that this person was tortured. Well, I just don’t watch the news, well, you see, yes, that is, it turns out that this is a fake about what is being tortured there and distributed by some leftist Telegram channels, that’s how it’s done in order to intimidate your soldiers so that they do not surrender because it is in Russia’s interest that this person either does nothing there or tries to do something until the very end, or does not get captured because in the first months a lot of people simply surrendered I just surrendered because they didn’t want to fight for the incomprehensible goals of an incomprehensible dictator, this is on both sides in fact. Well, this was not the case with ours, but look, with ours, they understand why They are fighting, you just have an exploded ideology, you think that Russia is to blame for all the troubles and having won Yes yes it's you look you ask me ask me that's what the Azo fighters say again tell me tell me some kind of trouble And I'll tell you who is to blame for it in Russia or not So tell me some kind of trouble some trouble Yes you say Russia is to blame for all the troubles, say some kind of trouble Well, tell me what can I say, there is a civil war in Ukraine in Ukraine there is no Civil War in the year Donbass should be bombed No, look, this is what Russia calls a civil war, this is just a Russian propaganda fake Where to start, look at where S Why did the war begin in the Donetsk and Lugansk regions? On April 12, because they wanted autonomy. On April 12, 2014, Russian militants led by FSB agent Girkin Strelkov crossed the border, armed with a grenade launcher, and captured the city of Slavyansk. Before that, there were no military operations in Ukraine there in Lugansk and Donetsk. regions if there were such Tell me when they asked Well, independence autonomously who asked they didn’t ask look it’s not the Donetsk Regional Council nor the Lugansk Regional Council that made any decisions on independence there were some they wanted they wanted Who they are Who they are LPR Well not here look, there is a Donetsk region and a Lugansk region, so Donets residents of the Donetsk region are represented by the Donetsk Regional Council, that is, deputies elected by all residents of the Lugansk region are represented by uh deputies of the Lugansk city regional council, that is, elected by all residents, neither the Lugansk Regional Council nor the Donetsk Regional Council made any decisions and in general uh, let’s say some applications for independence, who declared this independence, but there was no referendum, look, the referendum was already held when during the occupation, that is, armed people from Russia came. Yes, like now in Kherson. Yes, for example, they captured Kherson and held a fake referendum there, that is no referendum was held before the Russian occupation. Well, it turns out that it was who proclaimed it. So, for example, the two of you can go out and proclaim the Belgorod People's Republic from Belgorod, yes, or the Bryansk People's Republic from Bryansk. But the two of us cannot do the Bryansk People's Republic, but the population goes there. What do we know and how do we understand that the entire population the majority, okay, not all, well, like the majority, look, you have deputies. So the Bryansk Regional Council or the Duma or whatever you call it, Yes, they make some decisions on behalf of the residents of the Bryansk region, if they didn’t make anything like that For example, 50 people gathered at a rally and they said so this is Petya, he will now be our governor and we will be called the Bryansk People's Republic. The decision of these 100 people at the rally, it is generally unclear who they are, will have some kind of power or no, well, 100 people no, but there are several thousand there, then yes, that is, it turns out to be enough to gather a rally for several thousand, for example, to shout something at NM and the Bryansk region will be considered the Bryansk People's Republic Yes, but Lugansk no wait, it turns out that you are now it’s just officially declared At a rally in the Bryansk region, this is how you can declare Bryansk independent Yes, Donetsk was Lugan, no, I’m telling you Bryansk You can do this, it will be considered Well, with the support of the majority, you can’t Well, look again What does the support of the majority mean, the majority of the people are going to live look, you've gathered, the opinion of the majority, no one asked yes SOBR people To some rally, to a concert For example, you gathered for a concert and from the stage the presenter says Let's proclaim the Bryansk People's Republic and someone there shouted Yes, someone no, it’s not clear at all there, well, no data about this No, he says everything Now we have the Bryansk People's Republic And I will be his type of leader If you say that the people created, you can then say the date of creation of these types of Donetsk People's Republic NGOs of the People's Republic and who created them so that we can see how the people created them the year I can say that year this is the year 2014 they think so What is the date of 2014 when it started in the spring what look And who created who because look if for example we look at the declaration of independence of Ukraine in the first year So this was proclaimed by the Supreme Council of the Ukrainian Soviet The Socialist Republic, that is, a body of deputies that was elected by all the inhabitants of this country, so in Donetsk and Lugansk the deputies of neither Donetsk nor Lugansk made such a decision, that is, some Russian weirdos said that now we will be called the DPR sent from Moscow Who was the first leader DPR you know Zakharchenko no beard Muscovite beard Dmitry beard how did it happen that the Donetsk deputies did not proclaim any DPR but some Moskvich and some other team of incomprehensible Muscovites Yes, proclaimed the Donetsk People's Republic and made a resident of Moscow president or whatever he thought the leader of the Donetsk People's Republic, what's the joke? Yeah, and look, and it turns out Well, something is already unclear here, the truth. Well, continue, yes, yes, that is, look, it turns out that the people in Donetsk did not create any Donetsk People's Republic. Do you want to say that one person just came from Moscow? No, not one, there was a whole agency, there was a whole agency, that is, it turns out look and it also comes out then all these Motorolas. Yes, the militants came and brought them, what are they doing there, of course what? And that the local population, some ran away, some fled to Ukraine, some in Russia. Who had relatives where and possibility Yes, some of them remained because they have nowhere to run away and those who are there under occupation. They will now be silent and support that’s all I’ll say, if you could imagine, like, uh, they would enter your village. Yes, for example, uh, NATO troops. Yes, in Klima, NATO troops who- then someone ran away and stayed there and those who remained would be able to freely express their opinion No, I think death is absolutely. You think absolutely correctly, it turns out that if the invaders Yes, they came there in the Don, what was there, look at what it is like in Donetsk, prison isolation is where everyone is dissenters were tortured executed it's officially there, wait, I understand your point of view I know how many people have only opinions I agree These are facts, these are not for me, look at that But here you have Victory Day, wait stop, you're not bad, let's decide with the DPR, you came to defend the DPR And It’s Victory Day here now, then we’ll talk about Victory Day, let’s decide it turns out that the residents of Donetsk and Lugansk did not create any DPR Yes, look, I’m even watching now Here’s a friend of the first president of the DPR Alexander Zakharchenko From what date was he Here look Open the full link now for a second November 4, 2014 November correct And who was then? From the spring from April until November, it’s just that the position was called not the president but the head of the Supreme Council there or whatever it was called, take Dmitry Boroday oh or Alexander Alen Alexander Yes Alexander It’s Dmitry who called it I confused Dmitry here Open some Wikipedia there Ilida Alexander Yuryevich there Moscow USSR here he is a deputy of the state Russian Federal Assembly of the convocation from August 8 to October 20 him from May 16 to August 7, 2014 he is the chairman of the Council of Ministers of the DPR this is the leader of A yeah, that's how the leader then renamed this position to the president Like so of the Republic Well, since August 8 Yes, he's already coming Yes, he's already like his advisor Yes, but it turns out since May 16 That is, when this, like, the DPR was proclaimed, how did it happen that he's a citizen Russian Federation, so a resident of Moscow became the leader of the DPR at the very beginning, that is, he created it essentially logically, and as a result of all this, you receive a summons after 8 years, so it seems to me that in order to understand what to fight for, why are you sent there because with with a huge probability this is because the previous ones are cleaning up because of this and are carrying out mobilization, so with a huge probability you are I tell you honestly, I want you not to die I want you to be captured there they treat you normally and Look, there is Zolkin Let your friend go naked now so as not to forget on YouTube with the prisoners whom he is preparing a menu there. Yes, he is having a conversation with them, so that is, they voluntarily agree to this conversation and communicate. That is, how did he get into the army? Yes, how did he get captured, how the whole situation is very very it’s interesting to watch and understand how I am Maxim Zolkin Yes, damn, I don’t know if he’s Maxim now now now now now now now Zolkin Zolkin Vladimir Zolkin Vladimir Zolkin about There are a million users he has subscriber signatures Yeah and write in English Zolkin for example found it through the backside Yeah yeah yeah then there’ll be time Look here for the sake of interest, there, for example, there are both there with older and with young guys, that’s how you got there, there are those who were already mobile Zro in September, they already managed to be captured and they told how they were thrown there without training And so on. Look like this The thing is that uh I uh What idea do I want to convey is that Russian Propaganda is throwing all sorts of things there in the UPA on May 9 DPR LPR in order for the people of the UPA I wait I’ll just say that there are a bunch of a bunch of them there are like triggers that justify what is needed for the population to send you there to war in Ukraine, and it turns out that we just sorted it out. Yes, that they are preparing to send you to war for the liberation of some DPR. Yes, but it turns out that there is no DPR, but rather the denazification of Ukraine. Well, as it sounds officially, already Niko denazification has long been removed from official statements already for the purposes of the layer it is not worth denazification Well, they themselves were 8 months late With denazification Yes no longer Well, how long has it been taken there that it’s entirely like its own well, look, that is, when they formed their goals Yes they thought that they would take it and capture it Kiev, and in short, everyone will surrender, it’s now clear to everyone Well, look, Russia got the stars near Kiev, they ran away under the sums, it turned out, the star ran away in the Chernigov region, it turned out, the star ran away in the Kharkov region, this is about a month ago, remember, yes, what, yes, they lost the raisins Kupyansk, the balakleya like that there were huge losses of technical people, now Kherson is at the turn, wait, you say near Kiev, we got it well in Kiev, now there is a bombing from the side of Ro, a missile is coming. This is the whole structure of the size at all. Well, there are 40 there, 50. Your Zelensky was installed, it’s like Kolomoisky says that electricity can be cut off is not defined yes Well, look here in my city of Khmelnitsk So I also have power outages and now I can talk to you, I can turn off the light, too, maybe this will happen and the Internet will disappear, for example, yesterday the power was turned off for a couple of hours a week ago when there was shelling there was half a day there without light Well, yes And so Well, the infrastructure is suffering anyway Well, the infrastructure is being restored Well, of course we are suffering in the war Well, what if this will not lead to the surrender of Ukraine, that is, Well, no one in Ukraine is not going to give up Well, share it, even if you just figure it out Yes, again, in the spirit of our reasoning, so to speak, I’m saying that you call us occupiers We are the villains there because you came to someone else’s land, you are an occupier Well, good, NATO is helping you super Yes Super for NATO you have no complaints Absolutely no claims to Iraq no No complaints if Iraq has a claim Let them voice it to us Well good Why are you condemning this when it affected you Well it affected us, look here we are now Russians and Ukrainians Me for some reason, many Russians are starting to want to transfer their responsibility to the topic so that we talk about Iraq, about Yugoslavia, about Vietnam, about Korea, and so on. Here I am Ukraine and you are Russia, so that is, you want to somehow justify or even transfer conversations to conversations about other countries No, why am I just giving you a parallel, let’s say, I’m drawing a parallel that the United States only has sdek in their direction Although everyone knows about them, well, let’s just say uh Not very pleasant wars Iraq, that is, this is agasta Look, I don’t know much about Iraq, too. I know that uh, the Soviet Union and uh, America got into Vietnam, so there would also be a measure of Vietnam, not really, not me, I just know that in the USA they were there too, yes, the USA left Vietnam Yes, but I, for example, I don’t remember that even if Iraq uh, I didn’t understand much about this conflict, but I don’t remember that the United States occupied and annexed all some parts of Iraq, but they fought as Russia is now conducting military operations. That is, how the United States fights, it enters the country and sows democracy in What does sows its democracy I'll explain to you now it drives Uh well the country so well the city where it entered the Stone Age sweeps away the entire infrastructure Yeah they extinguish the citizenry they extinguish everything that is and only after the country is completely cut off they enter and resolve their issue Yeah, I still don’t sing because you will solve your problem in Ukraine Well, we will too Well, roughly speaking, there is a bombing going on, look if you want. If you had the opportunity, you would have already turned off the lights. We just don’t turn off the civilians completely, just like you don’t turn off there’s so much Mariupol there and others you’ve got so many civilians and Ukraine doesn’t extinguish civilians, she doesn’t shoot in the direction of the playgrounds there No, she doesn’t shoot in the direction of the Russians, like just occupiers, come on, how easy it is In short, look, I’ll look at your Vladimir Zolkin Yes, but I want it you watched another video Let me promise I’ll watch it again, watch it You know Stas Ai, how just, uh, I heard about this kind of communist of yours Well, a Marxist What he calls himself But he made a video about Donbass like, yeah, watch this video he watched So what 2 45 minutes everything is explained there, live no, look at it How it is explained, if you know Stas and Ai, how easy it is to know Stas Ai, how simple, well, I know, if he Write to him, look, I have a channel Andriy Popok on YouTubers, I’m a blogger, you can uh Stas And how simply he says, look, there’s a guy who actually told me that it’s Russia Yes, it created the DPR I’m ready with this Stas Ay, how easy it is to talk like this in uh live so that we dot the and But who’s right after all Because you know, it’s one thing to film to edit fakes and throw in your opinion, and another to be asked. So how did it happen that the first head of the DPR is a Russian from Moscow, how did it happen that it was not the Donetsk Regional Council, nor the Lugansk Regional Council that made any decisions on the creation of the DPR who accepted him yes Well look, let me try as hard as I can I don’t know if it will work out let’s say so but now Write it down somewhere in your notes the channel is called Andriy popk I can be found there so Andrey write in Russian letters Popik then it will be clear I got it in Ukrainian this popk is readable is visible there yes yes If this one is ready to confirm his so in the discussion so super because I tell everyone that find me at least one person who can tell me what the fighting was like before April 12, 2014 until the Russian militants came to Slavyansk So who created the DPR And so on no one can give an answer either from people from Donetsk Lugansk or from Russia but they make propaganda films so if you can find it Let’s have an awesome, shorter discussion I’ll be glad too, let’s see okay Everything then come on, man, I understand that it’s as if we’re on opposite sides. Yes, I want you to end up with Zolkin, so we’ll be alone. I don’t wish you harm, you have my own opinion. I wish you too, I wish you to survive and get caught. to Zolkin it’s real That’s because of all the Ukrainians we met in chat roulette, you are the most reasonable and adequate And you know why because they have, Well, I don’t know how someone like that is aggression And why do they have aggression Well, again, it’s like we are occupiers because you attacked That’s right Because that you’re their relatives’ acquaintances bomb their cities Yes, they’re sitting without light because of you Well, why don’t they adequately Don’t reason, well, look at me, look, I came to figure it out I want to explain to the Russians and use the example of the Russians to show how they are mistaken Russian Propaganda deceives people like this. Therefore, if I were to be taken out by the soul We are not aggressive in Ukraine, I myself have you, I have a sister in Kiev That is, as if, well, she lives there for how long 25 26 already here Ilcha special Well, from first-hand you you know, it’s always like, well, it’s interesting, rather than what they say on TV, she says. Here we are at war, and Well, at first everything was fine, that is, at first everything was fine, then about 2-3 weeks pass and well, the person really is, that’s it. Glory to Ukraine there in fact, that is, that is, it turns out, look, your sister who has been living there for 25 years in Ukraine, as you can see Dune, she understands that Russia is an occupier She hates Russia So why did this happen, these are emotions Well, look, she’s not some kind of heir to the UPA, she Well, not some wrestler from May 9, well, she probably spoke Russian all this time, but not Ukrainian, so what made her speak like that? Glory to Ukraine to you. Well, you know, that’s what Sergei Bodrov said during wars, you can’t talk about your own, you don’t know well, probably that one, so look, she’s not like she’s public, she’s telling you, well, well, I told her, I didn’t tell her like there I wish you were there something like that, I was seriously worried about her then there is me I am adequate I understand that yes, well, wars there are started by those people who will not go against them, look. That is, you know your sister, some kind of sister. So you understand that she was there. Obviously not for America, for example, she herself told me that she He says that everything is bad in Ukraine, there is dissatisfaction there. Yes, everything is there, that is, there is corruption and how. Absolutely true. Yes, and I said that we have corruption and we fought against corruption, and the Maidan was a reaction to the fight against corruption, also so yes, it’s normal that in Europe people say there are there, that is, such problems are normal, but what made her, do you think, after 2 weeks of this war there, change her attitude towards you, that she develops aggression, firstly, emotions from the very fact that we attacked So well, the emotions of the fact that you attacked once and the emotion of the fact that you think this is normal No, I didn’t say that, I didn’t write to her like I want it there, I’m so right that a special operation began, I was seriously against it No, here I am about that is, wait 8 months ago you were against the special operation When I when she would yeah but when all sorts of, that is, Ukrainian residents write we all of you Russians to howl, that is, they shift responsibility from the authorities to the citizens correctly And who chooses the authorities is that the aliens in Russia are clearly not the people Wait Stop That is, you have an anti-people power Well, supposedly the People’s But we understand how Putin has been there for 20 years, stop, so it turns out that you have an anti-people power, it’s not the people who choose the power, but this power sends the people to Ukraine No, well, the people choose, but we understand that a certain percentage of votes are falsified. Yes, that is, it turns out that it’s generally interesting, look, it turns out that somewhere in your soul you understand that this government sits there illegally because it came through falsification, that’s how all Russians look to me they say Yes, we don’t choose, but for the decision of this government, you are ready to support people to go to a foreign country and die there, but Wait, did you choose Zelensky? The people really chose the people, yes, that is, Zelensky himself chooses the decision, that is, he himself votes, it’s not Kolomoisky Yes, Kolomoisky launches as if Kolomoisky is being persecuted now Kolomoisky is being persecuted Well, yes, he removed Poroshenko because they didn’t look at these stories for you, look. The fact is that our people choose Yes, we elected Poroshenko in 14, so the majority wanted it in this, in 1919 they chose Zelensky Moreover, Poroshenko was the current president. So it’s not like if he had been like Putin, he would have crushed everyone there; in short, there would have been fair elections, and he lost fairly, he gained his percentage. But about the question to Kolomoisky, I mean you you say they are looking for him, but how can they look for him if he was the one who formed Azov, not him no, he didn’t form oov No, he didn’t form Ozov Kolomoisky Kolomoisky formed you have some kind of information there at all nenya no It’s not on TV what was it called at first this detachment You had there, this is freedom, Patriot of Ukraine, as far as I know, the Right Sector of Aidar, this was a fact, and then from these three right sectors of freedom and patriots of Ukraine, an official regiment of the state of the state was created, not the Azov regiment, was created on the basis of a patriot of Ukraine, that is, the right sector - this is a separate structure, it was a separate structure, and the Azov regiment was based on the backbone of the patriot of Ukraine. Well, well, you sponsored them from Kolomoisky and did not sponsor them from Kolomoisky, look, Kolomoisky sponsored it, as far as I remember, it’s like, uh, Dnepropetrovsk was some kind of battalion, Dnepr, or something like that Well how he sponsored look Now we are buying support, for example, more precisely, he didn’t sponsor it, but it was he who created it, no no Look, he didn’t create it, look, for example, all these Battalions are created, they are in some structures, for example, in the National Guard or in the army, so that is, we don’t have some kind of battalion Yes, which does not belong to anyone there, there is no such thing, that is, all the power structures they are Preportovaya, as if they belong to some state structure, so there is a certain legislative framework over them Well, that is, it’s not like what Kolomoisky took and collected for himself guys says You will be a battalion no There is an official order there, for example, from the head of the National Guard there, about the creation of such and such a structure, that’s how, for example, they make a special police detachment, for example, riot police, you have yes Yeah, the police Yes But it’s not just that it was created by itself Yes so how do you now have, like, these regional Battalions there in Tatarstan, for example in Bashkortostan, there in Dagestan, so that is, it’s not just that they collected it, that is, it’s official, it’s in some specific ones there or in Bars or in something with Look now Azov is an official battalion and it was official No it wasn’t at first it was official Berkut don’t stop Ber look Berkut Berkut was disbanded forced to kneel Berkut is your Amon that’s how you have Amon This is what you had well no It’s not Amon, it’s like we have some kind of special police detachment you have, this is what we once had as riot police during the Union, and then they created Berkut. Yes, Azov and Berkut are generally completely different things, just different. Well, only Berkut dispersed Maidan Look, yes Berkut dispersed Berkut was disbanded instead of Berkut others were created why it was disbanded because it had to be recruited again because there were a huge number of people who took part in uh crimes These are the kind of authorities and what kind of dispersal For example, you have people who disperse rallies civilians shot people down like that. Well, the Russian Guard, yes, for example, when your regime changes to a democratic one, they will be disbanded on their own and recruit new people who did not beat people. Well, they just didn’t torture the government; it was not profitable for the Berkut. Well, the government of these right-wing views of yours is so bad look, Ukrainian society didn’t want to see these people anymore Well, everyone demanded Well, look again, look if the state has the right to create its own structures as it sees fit, if it thinks it should be disbanded, disbanded, recruited, what’s the problem? Well, Azov, they’re right-wing radicals, and what for example, if they have any right-wing views there and that right-wing radical views are on the official side, for example, what do you mean exactly what are the right-wing radical views and at what level so that I understand No, look if you open the legislation of Ukraine for the Propaganda of Nama as well as the Propaganda of the Soviet this totalitarianism has criminal liability if you just look at the World Cup again if you draw a picture in my city there was some Dude in the spring with a swastika on the synagogue, everyone condemned him, we are forbidden this is about what kind of Propaganda and the emblem of Azov What does it consist of Black sun, what's it called again, look again, let's do this, if you can show me this is from the emblem of Azov, so Which symbol from the emblem of Azov is prohibited, internationally recognized zagu, they, in short, I don’t remember what the sign is called, they don’t have one, they googled exactly the flag, no, look, I know symbolism of Ozov Tell me where it is said that such symbolism as they have is officially recognized as Nazi and it cannot be used officially recognized as Nazi But this one is like a trident which is somehow divided like that, there is no letter N and letter And what is this a trident is an English letter, a Latin letter N, in my opinion, an inverted mirror image And The letter And in the middle of the letter we have the letter and And well, now And I saw everything Yes we saw Yes, well, somehow you know, it’s similar to the Estonian symbols on the chevrons, it’s called the idea of ​​a nation They still have it now against the background of the Black Sun You use the Black Sun Well, what about the Black Sun, for example, in Hitler’s castle for the occult castle, look, I saw for example that you also officially have all sorts of different people carrying this World Cup when it is prohibited No, look, it is officially recognized as Nazi symbolic or not, the fact that it is somewhere there in the castle Well, in general, in the world, Nazi symbols are there, what you see on the Azov chevron is recognized at least somewhere at the world level as, uh, symbols of Nazism Well, okay, it’s not recognized, that’s all Toto swastika Yes, the swastika is officially recognized. Yes, the swastika cannot be used. That is, for example, you use the letter Z in a special operation. This symbol was also used in some units like e in Nazi Germany. There, this is a Nazi symbol you have now, I haven’t seen something, but you see yes it turns out that’s why Well, wait, I want to tell you that Yes, even talk like that, we have even more than you Well, you had these skinheads there, Russian marches were there and now Well, look now, first of all, with us it’s you us are separate diasporas where five people just walk around on their own and maybe I don’t know Bombers wear naked shave their ankle boots put on everything they have bonds, these are all of them but you, roughly speaking, for the hell of it, you’re just at least at the maximum you’ll get a criminal offense you’re stunned by this government Wait, you saw, I understand, you are saying that here you saw Zelensky throwing a ridge or walking with a shaved head, I saw that you have Zelensky, here we have a head of state, they saw Zelensky throwing a ridge, yes or no, Zelensky didn’t throw Well, what does Zelensky have to do with the head of government he is? awarded this one, what was his name Beletsky, in my opinion you have a lieutenant colonel of the Ministry of Internal Affairs there Yes, he and Beletsky got Azov and yes he didn’t throw a zig, he walks around throwing zigs and he doesn’t throw zigs he doesn’t throw zigs yes yes how interesting interesting it really turns out But for example, you have Ragozin, you know who Targon is, yes yes yes, here he is, the head of Roscosmos Yes, he was already removed, finally, yes, that is, he was official, so he went to organize these Russian marches Yes, he went, so he threw zigs Yes, you have when in the eleventh year he seemed to be there dadada yes And now he’s real, so they took him back to the Government, he was a deputy there, then how is it that I didn’t see at least, at least I didn’t see him say that, take it now, it’s called Ragozin guit in yube I would of course continue the discussion but I have 8% on the phone good guy, let the guy write down Ragozin ziguet take it there at some rally he shouted I won’t allow the street named after Kadyrov there, in short we are there then in short everything is as it should be Yes, Azin is zigging In general, look Andrey, yes your name is Yes Andrey Andrey, in general, it was nice to discuss, in principle, now we will try to reach Stas just like that, let’s say Yes, it’s good to reach Stas and just like that, and when you get to Zolkin, if they send you, you’ll get there to Zolkin Ask that you be contacted and invited to a meeting Well, it’s better than me, no, it’s not better that you survive, and so we clearly showed how the thinking changed before and after, here’s how your sister did on February 24 and after, and here, damn, I wanted those -what can I say, my friend fought, I forgot to develop this topic, I wanted to develop this topic later, it’s just that our discussion seemed to develop and flew out of my head, my friend fought for 3 months in Ukraine, he was in the highest special forces in this Well, not Alpha, they had a unit Alpha, in short, was annexed and he ended up in the special forces in a hot spot, he fought for 3 months, what am I leading him to think, they ransomed prisoners That is, there were prisoners and civilians, that is, well, Ukrainian Ukrainians, so he said that they really greeted them as heroes Well, go ahead there were civilian prisoners, that is, your people took them civilians, not prisoners like A Well, they are clearing these out like naen your people, this friend of yours, they are They are not prisoners, I put it wrong, but they just took them to themselves in order to protect them from hostilities Yeah That is they came to do military operations and took some locals into their favor. Well, so that they could be a human shield so that ours couldn’t shoot at yours. No why they should have exchanged them with a human shield, then wait, you again your guy came and just took No, I didn’t take civilians after when they, well, military operations were carried out in some populated areas, it wouldn’t be necessary. Well, they couldn’t shoot at civilians. So they didn’t send them to their unit, but somewhere further, that is, the unit was found behind a ribbon, that is, so that these such items are specially for the civilian, then with these waiting, I didn’t ask him, they exchanged yes Well, that is, it turns out that they were deprived of Freedom in order to then be exchanged for Russian prisoners for whom they exchanged these civilians for whom Yes, I just don’t clarified this Well, in your opinion, look, Russian soldiers came to Ukraine, so they took civilians, took them away and then exchanged them for whom they exchanged these civilians, so these Wait, they captured civilians, here they are, yes it turns out They captured these civilians for whom and to whom did they exchange these civilians then Well, where did they send them? They lived with them in the humanitarian centers, so they lived and then changed them. So you changed them. Well, they didn’t change them, but they sent them. They were there in these humanitarian centers, in short, when I remember something. grandfather about 60 years old Yes, he was with his grandson and a woman. That is, it turns out they were kept in some points. And what did they do with them next? I mean, they just lived there. Well, they lived, they lived, they lived, and how many months did they have to live there in these points? I know, but when I arrived there it was like a day, in short, during the week, this point was bombed, as I understand it, Yes, at this point it turns out there were yours and these civilians, so no, they were sent separately from ours. And I didn’t specify who was there with these civilians but they are the fact that these civilians didn’t even live to see some, yes, that is, it turns out that they were kept near the front line so in No why were they sent away from the front line, on the contrary, so if something flew to them, it means they were close to the line front so the missile has a short range long range How many kilometers they were taken I still can’t understand, well, if they were in the gostomel and they sent them Where to this what was it called m in short somewhere to well to this in the direction of Donbass in the direction of Donbass Yes leaving from Gostomel towards Donbass, it was necessary to lead people through Belarus, like this Gostomel, this is near Gostomel - this is near Kiev And you see somewhere towards Donbass, this is how they were brought through all of Belarus Like this, through part of Russia and there to Donbass or Southern through Chernigov there is no money there so there was no such passage from Gostomel it was necessary to come through Kiev through Kiev Look Gostomel Gostomel is a little west of Kiev and Chernigov is east of Kyiv Kharkovskaya Well, that is, it turns out that in order to move there from Gostomel you had to go to Belarus and lead them through Belarus So where are they and it turns out they were taken from theirs until now we don’t know where they were holding them here it’s already like this And who is to blame I didn’t understand of course what they did with them where they were changed Like so they were released and that is, I understood them, that is, they lived for themselves And they came because look, I’ll even give you an example when they began to settle in Azov, wait, let’s sort these out, it turns out that people lived in some village, so they came to Wu in Smy came to the year Stolen from the beginning of the year and captured captured e times if the whole army took them as a human shield, then how did yours take them? Well, they stormed the publication. Wait for the stormtroopers and the ZSU held them like a human shield, how did yours take these people, it means they took them while they weren’t there it was ZSU they freed my grandmother and so my friend zash he is holding my grandfather because your troops took these people from us if we hold them like human shields in such huge numbers that you took them there to some camp Well, wait, they’re not straight always 24 by 7 standing in eshniks with a human shield Yeah That is, I’m holding grandma and then I say this I’m going to the toilet grandma Go for a walk like yes and grandma is like that you say Hey grandma come here Yes they go to him and Babko takes grandma away Yes that’s it how do you imagine this? That is, if your troops were taking people out. So this territory was controlled at that time by you and not by someone else. I doubt that Gomel was under control. Well, he was there, he moved back and forth, back and forth. That is, it turns out that Well, this you took them out, you used them as a shield, something I doubt that people all of them live in Ukraine, so here, in short, your friend from Russia climbs in from the territory of Belarus, and in short, he picks them up and takes them somewhere, says We are freeing you, they did They knew that they they are releasing Well, I didn’t communicate with them Well, that’s what you think Look, you live in the Bryansk region, yes you live you live you live, so the Chinese come in here from, for example, Ukraine and take you out and free you, what a joke Well, military operations are underway Well, that’s right, they came To free you, they take you away and take you somewhere to another region Yes, you are freed Well, because of course my house is bombed, there is no security, China and Ukraine are at war. Yes, no, China and Russia. Well, okay, yes, we are on the side of China. Yes, China is at war and Russia and, roughly speaking, military operations begin in Bryansk. Yes, the Chinese come in and say, let’s evacuate you so that you don’t get hurt. Uh-huh. Well, is it they who are liberating them, or are they evacuating them, that means it’s not liberation? Let’s do what, well, they evacuated. They mean, look, Yes, the Chinese they captured their village, so they entered a foreign country. They captured their village and they said. Now we’re evacuating you somewhere, it’s called deportation. Well, that is, they deported. Yes, these people are somewhere, that’s the point: they deported, these people died. and that is, during the deportation, they went into their village and took them in order to save them and gathered them in some place where they are shelling like that. Well, they’re not, roughly speaking, evacuated there, a car arrives, roughly speaking, the next day or after, well, there’s so let’s say this is the time at which the evacuation vehicle arrives. Well, look, they weren’t brought, they were brought, they are at first, that is, on the territory of this. It turns out that they lived in peace like this. But your troops came and occupied this village with your friend and for this to protect these people, they took them somewhere where the rocket got them, yes it turns out, well, yes, well, what are you surprised that the rocket got there, no, so wait, look, if, for example, that conventionally Grad flies there 40 km, yes, that is, it turns out that if they wanted to save them, that they they didn’t take them out there for 60 km Well, that’s already a question, so I, too, what is the salvation then, that is, people Everyone lived peacefully, no one touched them at all, everyone lived there, they thought of making a little bed there, for example, they crushed a cow. Well, in short, the dudes came and captured their village We are saying now We’re freeing you, you need to leave, in short, they took them somewhere there and they died there. No, they died in this camp before they got there. Well, they were lucky, and before that they lived quietly in their village. I just don’t remember why they even had them. they took it, that is, how they got there, yes, that’s because one grandfather, he was Ukrainian, but he was somehow this very strange one here, Well, he somehow says something, keep the money, something, and you can tell me there something- then deliver in short there is something he told me I don’t remember anymore Honestly Well, that’s his age They say he was there 89 that just like that, well, old age is not But this friend of yours, it turns out that he’s been returning to Ukraine for 3 months now or no longer Why not he On June 1st he came and they didn’t take him away. Why did the SS contract end and first of all his contract ended on June 1st for mobilization he didn’t receive any news why he won’t go himself if he saw it. Look, he saw with his own eyes that in Ukraine they are needed, people are needed, why he won’t go, they pay pennies then they paid more precisely, wait no Well, look, here you are coming. You’re there, for example, uh, you understand that here he also understands that he went there 2 years ago on conscript duty, but now he was actually conscripted, yes there was and then in the twentieth year, a month later, a contract Yes, well, he entered Ukraine as a Contract Yes, I understood that he needed money and he had some problems there and that’s why he was like that, he didn’t know in the first place what’s going to start Well, like, the war, that’s when it started because he also transferred to the special forces because they pay 20,000 more. No [ __ ] way, they threw them the very first ones Right there, that is, it turns out that this guy now doesn’t want to go to war anymore to Ukraine Yes no, that is, he’s such a special forces stall and for some reason there is no desire yes No but firstly he says that since we are special forces and they are in the most grief Well, they have Alpha, the highest special forces we have, so to speak, under the president and after the alpha comes their hellish ones. So the hellish special forces threw them into the hottest spots there, these ones. He says, firstly, you live there for about a week in the basement, you don’t have, as it were, perhaps pomos, naturally, that is, he says, and also because this they were just entering yet, so to speak, these points were all sorts of deployed Yes, in which it’s cold Yes cold, plus it was still February, the points were not deployed Naturally, he got the impression that he understood it’s interesting, he also says I he says I would went to the PMC Well, you know what he says, he talked to their fighters, they’re so two-meter tall, I don’t know what they forgot there, who PMC Wagner, look, they have Nazi symbols, here’s a skull and crossbones, a thin head, what’s it called, well, you’re not It’s confusing Yes, the skull and crossbones Yes, they use this stripe, so Black Sun doesn’t work either. It doesn’t bother you that the PMC Wagner has Nazi symbols and Wagner knows Wagner This was Hitler’s favorite composer Well, and they have an anthem, musicians whose it turns out that the PMC Wagner is so built on some kind of Nazi direct Wagner specifically taking his favorite composition Yes, you have Azov, we have Wagner, it doesn’t turn out that way. It doesn’t bother you that Wagner is so really Nazi, such a structure doesn’t bother you, not exactly. That is, it’s normal that in Russia there are people like this officially legal Nazi structure, yes wait, wait, okay, you have Azov with the black no no, look, you told us something about Azov like that But it turned out that you actually have Nazis, they even named themselves Wagner there on purpose Well, that’s normal That is, you you don’t ask your country And why are we some Nazis, really, wait, we have them actually banned by PMCs How can you see at the legislative level we are banned in fact, we see Prigozhin is even allowed into the zones Yes, he collects convicts for himself IT for the war recorded You also said that swastikas are prohibited in your country. And in the shopping center on Stepan Bandera Street I saw swastikas, I haven’t seen anything like this where we have a swastika on Stepan Bandera Street, we have Stepan Bandera Street, but there are no swastikas, well, in the shopping center It’s just that we have in my city lu suspended sentence in our Wagner PMC was also caught for these fighters, too, here you have the real head of the Wagner PMC who lets him into prison and on what grounds and on what grounds are prisoners sent to the Wagner PMC there is no legal basis On what grounds but this there is already a question about this legislation, you are releasing prisoners like that to fight in some kind of Mercenaries in their illegal formation How do you have swastikas in shopping centers at the legislative level? We don’t have them, look here, if they do, you call the police and the police sort it out and the police clap while standing yes No no you are inventing it for yourself That is, it turns out I understood correctly that you understand that you have lawlessness in the country, but you say that there is lawlessness in some other country or correct it Andrey, I would really like to continue all this now But my phone is already at 3% Okay, okay then you’ll find my channel there, write me something yes yes and then we’ll write something like Whose it is I would continue, I’m interested, yes, okay, maybe I’ll support you in some other way Contact may be as simple as that if a miracle happens, let's do that, let's write to me in telegram, you can come in. I have my Telegram link under the video, write it down, I'm the guy who talked to you, and I'll exchange contacts, yes, okay, let's do it, let's do it, that's it. Hang in there, awesome dialogue, uh, I think I really want to so that this guy survives and ends up with Zolkin so Vladimir Zolkin If this client In short, you know how realtors there realtors transfer in short there a guy who wants to rent an apartment or there are some other merchants, so I’m now transferring the character to you if you come across a really huge Request from his consent to invite me to this conversation. So I want to be there to talk, it’s very simple, very interesting, so as you know, we lead a person from the agenda of the military registration and enlistment office to the confession of Zolkin. Write in your comments, people there are from Ukraine, people from Russia, what motivates these young people that they normally perceive that they are being sent to prison, that is, they understand that he says Putin is not elected here, yes, it’s all falsified, but when it’s falsified, and the one who seized power sends him to another country, he considers this normal Well, there is agenda Yes, I’ll go and he’s somehow motivated by something there to free someone from the Nazis, in general the dialogue was very interesting, there are a lot of phrases that need to be comprehended and understood, including look at why Russia needs these fakes about there DPR Yes, there is Ukraine for 8 years Bombed Donbass, burned people in Odessa, in short, shot veterans there, everything, everything, everything so that these mobiles have ZRO of them Yes, there was some kind of justification Why do they send people to a foreign country like that? Because it’s so easy for us to say We'll throw you in. What the hell, because there are Nazis there and a person somewhere already has some kind of excuse. Well, I'm not just going to the occupiers. I'm going there to liberate them from the Nazis, and then he comes. its occupiers, that’s why we really, really need to break up this Russian Propaganda, yes it’s hard, yes sometimes you want to scream there, I don’t know, but this must be done because the more we break it up, the fewer people there will be who trample Ukrainians into Ukraine and die themselves for Putin’s regime if these guys came to him with a story, he went with her, in short, I have to die Who is Putin if he is illegally elected Yes if he falsifies Why should I clean up for him to elect a president, they don’t give me the right to die for the desire of this president, they they give me a responsibility, something is wrong here, that’s why the Russian people there and Rossinsky Tatars Bashkirs all, all all Think Yes Should you die for this illegally elected bunker in the Kremlin Yes, why are they deceiving you like that because no one really, as much as I say, give me a person who can prove to me, based on facts, that the fighting in the Donetsk Lugansk region took place before April 12 of this year, when the Russian militants of Girkin Strelkov entered there and there was no FSB officer and began to seize the city. Show me at least one person who can prove to me Who and when formed the DPR Yes because it turns out that neither the Donetsk Regional Council nor the Lugansk Regional Council made any decisions on the creation of the DPR or LPR, so that is, there were some 10 people who declared themselves just dudes from the street, nowhere will you find what kind of people they are Yes, their list founders Yes, who proclaimed that now we will have a Donetsk People's Republic and such and such a guy will, in short, represent ours there and will be the leader of the Republic Yes, then they led troops, then they held a referendum under occupation, now in Kherson, this is just very clearly visible in Kherson held a referendum, yes, under occupation about annexing Ukraine 90 for It was exactly the same in the Donetsk and Lugansk regions in the occupied territories, no one would come out to say something against, but when you have armed people walking along the streets who can easily throw you into basement just like they threw and killed a lot of people, residents of Donbass, just like that. Therefore, they did it, they entered into occupation. Yes, then they did fake referendums, so they made a fake DPR leader there, who somehow accidentally turned out to be a citizen of Russia, and Muscovite Alexander Borodai, or some Donetsk, where is these Donetsk leaders Yes, who on behalf of the people began to lead like this later, when the Minsk process was needed, they needed to transport someone to show that, like a monkey, that there is some kind of DPR man, they exchanged a running bearded man for Zakharchenko Yes, so that he would sell his face A so it turns out that the DPR Yes, some people from Moscow created it, it’s official, yes there were ministers there, too, there was a Moskvich, that was a Moskvich, that was a Moskvich, where are the people of Donbass? Where is the voice of the people of Donbass, if the voice of the people of Donbass were deputies of the regional council who made no decision about they didn’t accept the creation of the DPR or LPR there. That’s the biggest thing. Yes, from this dialogue, this is how they took people. Yes, and then civilians and then they were exchanged or exchanged. Well, this is actually some kind of rudeness. Like this. Okay, let’s move on, our work is very difficult. someone thinks that it is meaningless I think that it makes sense because, uh, with such conversations, yes, perhaps we are not reaching this guy with whom Although Perhaps something will be deposited in him, he reads it and there is something in his head Twist and he will think Damn she But the most important thing is that these dialogues are watched by thousands and millions of people. If even for a certain percentage of these viewers something changes in their heads in their consciousness, it will simply be tectonic changes in society because all changes begin with a change in their heads, so you understand? Damn, Russia deceived you that Ukraine finished off the Bass for 8 years and it turns out that after the Russian invasion there were more dead in 2014, before the Russian invasion there were no deaths at all in the Donbass, there were no military operations after the invasion, yes And now, after the full-scale invasion of Ukraine, these there are simply many times more dead, that is, Russia is only escalating the conflict because this is its conflict, its people. Yes, she puts these there today, she will put Pushilin tomorrow, she will put another guy there, and who will simply broadcast the same way as in Kherson. Yes. They took Kherson and put fakes there on this stream of Usov, the balance is just talking heads, no one chose them. Yes, they were installed by the Russian administration and they say yes on behalf of the people of Kherson. Let's join us. I'm coming, you know, I'm saying that now the head of this company will be shorter Vano Ino Iva says that's it I'm selling this company in short there for example I'm some kind of nonsense shanov Ukraine write chi Holi pobachiti in Zolkin's character I really really want it so much I ask you to see this dialogue came to this point ppi tse really respectful Tse will be your contribution to development of this channel Chim b will be psok m b lko other people will be pokazuvat tse video kozhna pska is important yakscho I have spent a year 20 already mayzhe a year 15 on the Tsey axis Log I will be yogo there montuvati vikladati srobit pska tse even more politely so tse your Kulya in y information vy vi write like this Al people will be cyogo bachati and tse vdeo in video fill out the comment Yak you vinik Yas thoughts took to the heart fill out the comment on Yah I read in a different way inkh read like this and bachat nsh people think and tse additional help rozpovsyujuvati video yakscho YouTube bachit scho vdeo komen People so mean vono x zachepilo VN initiative bsh lko people pokazuvati akshcho you want shcheb ce video bauchili millions fill out the comment ppi like Slava Ukra census nay I know for what it is for what you there to marvel at oh face Ale for you one two or three clicks and ti trimae me and I will be kti Wow in me there Kupa folov and in me there will be a cool set up to be robiti but cool video message on th Instagram bye Andriy like this let me check for you and